feat(pam): add NTLM and Kerberos auth support for MSSQL (#6638)
Infisical/infisical: docs/documentation/platform/pam/getting-started/resources/mssql.mdx

1. **Gateway**: An Infisical Gateway deployed in your network that can reach the MsSQL server. The Gateway handles secure communication between users and your MsSQL instance.

> 2. **Authentication**: Credentials are stored securely in Infisical and used by the Gateway to authenticate with MsSQL on behalf of the user. SQL Server Authentication (username/password), Windows Authentication (NTLM), and Windows Authentication (Kerberos) are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Authentication**: Credentials are stored securely in Infisical and used by the Gateway to authenticate with MsSQL on behalf of the user. SQL Server Authentication and Windows Authentication (NTLM or Kerberos) are supported.
```

Author: updated

      An optional description for this account.
    </ParamField>

    <ParamField path="Authentication Method" type="string" required>

>       Choose how the account authenticates with SQL Server:

Reviewer: ignore comment placement

Since Kerberos creds aren't validated when you create the account, what do you think about adding a warning banner or a note in the docs about this?

Author: added an info note in the docs
